welcome back to anime elimination I'm
your host Pino and right now we're 0 for
1 on the spring season without a top
tier pick like killa kill to start
things off we're at risk of losing our
way can this week's show turn things
around or will we be seeing the start of
a dry spell
chocka the coffin princess is the tail
of the eponymous chica a strange girl on
a very strange quest she roams the
countryside wearing a frilly dress and
carrying a coffin that doesn't have any
corpses but rather a magical sniper
rifle when she's not confusing people
with her broken speech and Satsuki level
eyebrows she's on the mission to gather
the remains of her father the former
sorcerer Emperor some time ago eight
heroes killed a man cut his life into
pieces it was their last resort
taking his remains as potent magical
artifacts Chaka's mission is nominally
to gather up her father's remains and
give him a proper burial to accomplish
this goal she befriends and hires a pair
of sibling saboteurs Toru and his sister
were essentially assassins whose skills
became useless once the Emperor was
slain and peace settled across the land
bitter over his irrelevance Toru revels
in the opportunity to unleash brutality
once more aside from some fancy footwork
and skill with the blade Toru and his
sister boast a power called the iron
blood transformation which goes a little
something like this
honey you and your mother was it she
don't have you thinking um oh and so I
pray unlimited blade works Oh
oh I guess not regardless there's an
organization out to stop chica because
the magical remains could rally the
Emperor's former supporters or be used
for other such evil and from their
discussions we can tell that chica isn't
what she seems since they've caught
multiple individuals claiming to be
chica
combined with the opening scene with
some creature telling the main chica
about her destiny there's a good chance
of none of them are actually the
Emperor's daughter but rather pawns
manipulated by some magical force once
they gathered the remains this big bad
will no doubt show himself and the main
trio will have to reflect on the tragic
consequences of their impulsiveness
either that or murder everything one or
the other
much like last season's witchcraft works
you have a premise and characters that
are just off skew from genre norms but
you also have a bit of that 90s era
fantasy comedy here
Kaiko takes itself somewhat more
seriously than something like Slayers
but not by much technically this isn't a
sophisticated show by any means but I
will say that the fights at least when
Toros involved has some decent
choreography it's not saber and
Gilgamesh screaming attack names at each
other which is a trap that magical
battles often fall into trucho does the
whole labor chanting magical circles
shit when she fights but I'll cut it
some slack since these swordplay fairs
much better this is a show with fairly
low aspirations at least for the most
part it promises a bit of comedy a bit
of politics and a bit of magical combat
the plot seems fairly predictable and
it's characters don't lend themselves to
any sort of timeless depth to analyze
but it's compelling in the sense that it
has a brisk pace and we'll probably see
a character's shtick play out in
different contexts instead of the same
goddamn school setting day after day
which is what usually drives me nuts
when I say a character has a stick for
instance let's compare Chaka to say Q
Dada
from the slice of life high school
sitting in a club room eating sweets
snoozefest
good job ooh both speaking broken
sentences lack common sense and seemed
otherwise in cape
we'll have acting like reasonable human
beings but we're kiddos meat-eating
antics get old immediately try cos very
similar set of core characteristics gets
a lot more mileage since her setting is
a bit more dynamic
likewise tohru's not sister is a
combination of the deadpan and stalkery
brother complex characters we've seen
another anime but once again there are a
lot more situations here that give this
sort of character some much-needed
variety I have a minor criticism of
Chaka and that's its opening animation
this isn't a word I like using but it's
very try Hardy just listen to its
opening seconds clearly this opening is
supposed to present a sort of dark
intensity that the singer can't convey
and which certainly isn't present in the
show as much as the guitar riffs clash
with the singer squeaking this one
particular bit of animation is what
really gets me glowing red eyes fire in
the background slow walking towards the
camera and she even breaks the fucking
rock hey guys just so you know not
attack on Titan this is coffin princess
obviously none of this reflects poorly
on the actual content of the anime but
it does bug me a little when a show's
opening which is supposed to double as
advertising for the anime itself
promises a tone very different from what
we actually get Chaka the coffin
princess isn't a show that's going to
advance the art form or really even
stand the test of time but it is fun and
it does lend itself well to marathoning
and easy watching on that basis I'm
willing to recommend it just be advised
that what you see is exactly what you
get
now that we've escaped the worst-case
scenario of a zero percent pass rate
perhaps there's hope yet for the spring
season if you enjoyed what you saw by
all means like subscribe or go to Legion
34 com for more till next time